src/components/AssetMatching/AssetMatching.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Preview, Props, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { withKnobs, boolean, select } from '@storybook/addon-knobs';

import AssetMatching from './Assetmatching'; import AssetMatchingShowcase
  from '../storyUtils/AssetMatchingShowcase/AssetMatchingShowcase';

<Meta title="Design System/Asset Matching"/>

# AssetMatching

A component used for matching records and compositions.

# Usage

```js
import { AssetMatching } from '@orfium/ictinus';

    <AssetMatching
        styleType={styleType}
        matchedCategoryItems={['George Michael']}
        leftAssetProps={{
          categories: [
            {
              title: 'Artists',
              categoryItems: ['George Michael',],
              col_order: 1,
            },
            {
              title: 'Writers',
              categoryItems: ['George Michael'],
              col_order: 0,
            },
          ],
          assetLinkedInfo: {
            title: (
              <Fragment>
                Linked Sound <br /> Recordings
              </Fragment>
            ),
            details: 234,
          },
          assetHeading: {
            top: 'Owned Recording',
            bottom: 'ISWC: KS39729323',
            main: 'Too Funky',
            iconName: 'recordLabel',
          },
        }}
        rightAssetProps={{
          categories: [
            {
              title: 'Writers',
              categoryItems: ['George Michael', 'Mick Jagger', 'Keith Richards'],
              col_order: 1,
            },
          ],
          assetLinkedInfo: {
            title: (
              <Fragment>
                Linked Sound <br /> Recordings
              </Fragment>
            ),
            details: 234,
          },
          assetHeading: {
            top: 'Owned Composition',
            bottom: 'ISWC: KS39729323',
            main: 'Waiting for That Day',
            iconName: 'composition',
          },
        }}
        matchingActions={[
            {
              text: 'Confirm',
              icon: 'check',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('confirmed');
              },
            },
            {
              text: 'Reject',
              icon: 'close',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('rejected');
              },
            },
            {
              text: 'Hide',
              icon: 'sight',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('hidden');
              },
            },
            {
              text: 'Review Later',
              icon: 'clock',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('reviewed');
              },
            },
          ]}
      />
```

# Props

<Props of={AssetMatching}/>

# Showcase

<Preview>
  <Story name="AssetMatching" parameters={{ decorators: [withKnobs] }}>
    <AssetMatchingShowcase styleType={select('styleType',['filled', 'outlined', 'elevated'], 'outlined')} showCustomContent={boolean('showCustomContent', false)} />
  </Story>
</Preview>

Commit message:

refactor(review): adds description for asset matching component logic

src/components/AssetMatching/AssetMatching.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Preview, Props, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { withKnobs, boolean, select } from '@storybook/addon-knobs';

import AssetMatching from './Assetmatching'; import AssetMatchingShowcase
  from '../storyUtils/AssetMatchingShowcase/AssetMatchingShowcase';

<Meta title="Design System/Asset Matching"/>

# AssetMatching

The component accepts or rejects asset matches based on probability score and metadata.

The component is used either by rendering the default left and right content by providing the necessary props for each side or by rendering custom components with custom data flow and matching policies.

### Default matching policy:
All matched metadata are marked with LightGray 300 and onHover color changes to 30%(variant 100) of primary color.

### AssetMatching Header - Card actions

The header of the AssetMatching component can include external actions for manipulating the matched metadata. The actions' display logic is that:
2 actions: two small button
3 actions: two small buttons and one small icon button
more than 3 actions: we display two actions as small buttons and we group all others in a small menu button

# Usage

```js
import { AssetMatching } from '@orfium/ictinus';

    <AssetMatching
        styleType={styleType}
        matchedCategoryItems={['George Michael']}
        leftAssetProps={{
          categories: [
            {
              title: 'Artists',
              categoryItems: ['George Michael',],
              col_order: 1,
            },
            {
              title: 'Writers',
              categoryItems: ['George Michael'],
              col_order: 0,
            },
          ],
          assetLinkedInfo: {
            title: (
              <Fragment>
                Linked Sound <br /> Recordings
              </Fragment>
            ),
            details: 234,
          },
          assetHeading: {
            top: 'Owned Recording',
            bottom: 'ISWC: KS39729323',
            main: 'Too Funky',
            iconName: 'recordLabel',
          },
        }}
        rightAssetProps={{
          categories: [
            {
              title: 'Writers',
              categoryItems: ['George Michael', 'Mick Jagger', 'Keith Richards'],
              col_order: 1,
            },
          ],
          assetLinkedInfo: {
            title: (
              <Fragment>
                Linked Sound <br /> Recordings
              </Fragment>
            ),
            details: 234,
          },
          assetHeading: {
            top: 'Owned Composition',
            bottom: 'ISWC: KS39729323',
            main: 'Waiting for That Day',
            iconName: 'composition',
          },
        }}
        matchingActions={[
            {
              text: 'Confirm',
              icon: 'check',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('confirmed');
              },
            },
            {
              text: 'Reject',
              icon: 'close',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('rejected');
              },
            },
            {
              text: 'Hide',
              icon: 'sight',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('hidden');
              },
            },
            {
              text: 'Review Later',
              icon: 'clock',
              onClick: () => {
                alert('reviewed');
              },
            },
          ]}
      />
```

# Props

<Props of={AssetMatching}/>

# Showcase

<Preview>
  <Story name="AssetMatching" parameters={{ decorators: [withKnobs] }}>
    <AssetMatchingShowcase styleType={select('styleType',['filled', 'outlined', 'elevated'], 'outlined')} showCustomContent={boolean('showCustomContent', false)} />
  </Story>
</Preview>
