src/components/Breadcrumb/Breadcrumb.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { withKnobs, boolean, array, select, text } from "@storybook/addon-knobs";
import Breadcrump from './Breadcrumb';
import Stack from '../storyUtils/Stack';
import {
  BrowserRouter as Router,
  Switch,
  Route,
} from "react-router-dom";

<Meta title="Design System|Breadcrumb" component={() => true} />

# Breadcrumb

Description of Breadcrumb component

# Usage 1

```js
import { Breadcrumb } from 'orfium-design-system';

<Breadcrumb>
  <div>content 1</div>
  <div>content 2</div>
  <div>content 3</div>
</Breadcrumb>
```

# Usage 2

```js
import { Breadcrumb } from 'orfium-design-system';

<Breadcrumb data=[{to:"/path", label: "label"}]/>
```

# Props

<Props of={() => true} />


# Simple Breadcrumbs (up to 3 levels)
A simple Breadcrumb example

<Preview>
  <Story name="Simple Breadcrumbs">
    <Stack>
        <Breadcrump>
          <div>First Level</div>
          <div>Second Level</div>
          <div>Third Level</div>
          <div>Forth Level</div>
          <div>Current Level</div>
        </Breadcrump>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
</Preview>

# Simple Breadcrumbs (more than 3 levels)
A simple Breadcrumb with n levels example

<Preview>
  <Story name="Simple Breadcrumbs with options">
    <Stack>
      <Router>
          <Breadcrump data={[
            { to: '/', label: 'Home' },
            { to: '/first-level', label: 'First Level' },
            { to: '/second-level', label: 'Second Level' },
            { to: '/third-level', label: 'Third Level' },
            { to: '/forth-level', label: 'Forth Level' },
          ]}/>
          <Switch>
                <Route path="/first-level">
                  {() => <div>first level</div>}
                </Route>
                <Route path="/second-level">
                  {() => <div>second level</div>}
                </Route>
                <Route path="/third-level">
                  {() => <div>third level</div>}
                </Route>
                <Route path="/forth-level">
                  {() => <div>forth level</div>}
                </Route>
          </Switch>
      </Router>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
 
</Preview>

# Advanced Breadcrumbs (with dd in levels)
A advanced Breadcrumb with dd levels example

<Preview>
  <Story name="Advanced Breadcrumbs">
    <Stack>
        <div>Breadcrumb placeholer</div>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
</Preview>

Commit message:

[feature/breadcrumb]: adds description for breadcrumb after review

src/components/Breadcrumb/Breadcrumb.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { withKnobs, boolean, array, select, text } from "@storybook/addon-knobs";
import Breadcrump from './Breadcrumb';
import Stack from '../storyUtils/Stack';
import {
  BrowserRouter as Router,
  Switch,
  Route,
} from "react-router-dom";

<Meta title="Design System|Breadcrumb" component={() => true} />

# Breadcrumb

A Breadcrumb component that can be configured either by adding children components (Usage 1) or bypassing the data property (Usage 2). 
It contains a collapsed view. In case components overcome the maximum value of Breadcrumb items which is hardcoded to 4.

# Usage 1

```js
import { Breadcrumb } from 'orfium-design-system';

<Breadcrumb>
  <div>content 1</div>
  <div>content 2</div>
  <div>content 3</div>
</Breadcrumb>
```

# Usage 2

```js
import { Breadcrumb } from 'orfium-design-system';

<Breadcrumb data=[{to:"/path", label: "label"}]/>
```

# Props

<Props of={() => true} />


# Simple Breadcrumbs (up to 3 levels)
A simple Breadcrumb example

<Preview>
  <Story name="Simple Breadcrumbs">
    <Stack>
        <Breadcrump>
          <div>First Level</div>
          <div>Second Level</div>
          <div>Third Level</div>
          <div>Forth Level</div>
          <div>Current Level</div>
        </Breadcrump>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
</Preview>

# Simple Breadcrumbs (more than 3 levels)
A simple Breadcrumb with n levels example

<Preview>
  <Story name="Simple Breadcrumbs with options">
    <Stack>
      <Router>
          <Breadcrump data={[
            { to: '/', label: 'Home' },
            { to: '/first-level', label: 'First Level' },
            { to: '/second-level', label: 'Second Level' },
            { to: '/third-level', label: 'Third Level' },
            { to: '/forth-level', label: 'Forth Level' },
          ]}/>
          <Switch>
                <Route path="/first-level">
                  {() => <div>first level</div>}
                </Route>
                <Route path="/second-level">
                  {() => <div>second level</div>}
                </Route>
                <Route path="/third-level">
                  {() => <div>third level</div>}
                </Route>
                <Route path="/forth-level">
                  {() => <div>forth level</div>}
                </Route>
          </Switch>
      </Router>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
 
</Preview>

# Advanced Breadcrumbs (with dd in levels)
A advanced Breadcrumb with dd levels example

<Preview>
  <Story name="Advanced Breadcrumbs">
    <Stack>
        <div>Breadcrumb placeholer</div>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
</Preview>
