docs/tokens/TYPOGRAPHY.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import TypographyShowcase from '../../src/storybook/TypographyShowcase';

<Meta title="Design Tokens/Semantic/Typography" />

# TYPOGRAPHY

<br />

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Tokens](#tokens)
- [Fonts](#fonts)

<br />

## Overview

Typography tokens are used to present content. We define the content that we have in 5 categories

| Category            | Description                                                                                                   |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Display** _(WIP)_ | Used for short, text or numerals, mainly on large screens                                                     |
| **Headline**        | Used for short, high-emphasis text and to establish content hierarchy within the page                         |
| **Title**           | Used for short, medium-emphasis text that is smaller than a headline and for text within components           |
| **Label**           | Used for medium emphasis text and potentially longer text strings than a title and for text within components |
| **Body**            | Used for long passages of copy (regular emphasis) and for text within components                              |

<br />

## Tokens

Based on these types describe above we are defining each typography token as follows

<TypographyShowcase />

<br />

## Fonts

Our main fonts used in the system is `Roboto` and is automatically imported and used when using `<ThemeProvider>` component

Commit message:

docs: update colors and typography and introduce background colors documentation

docs/tokens/TYPOGRAPHY.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import TypographyShowcase from '../../src/storybook/TypographyShowcase';

<Meta title="Design Tokens/Semantic/Typography" />

# TYPOGRAPHY

<br />

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Tokens](#tokens)
- [Fonts](#fonts)

<br />

## Overview

Typography tokens are used to present content. We define the content that we have in 5 categories.

| Category            | Description                                                                                                   |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **Display** _(WIP)_ | Used for short, text or numerals, mainly on large screens                                                     |
| **Headline**        | Used for short, high-emphasis text and to establish content hierarchy within the page                         |
| **Title**           | Used for short, medium-emphasis text that is smaller than a headline and for text within components           |
| **Label**           | Used for medium emphasis text and potentially longer text strings than a title and for text within components |
| **Body**            | Used for long passages of copy (regular emphasis) and for text within components                              |

You can see more about variants and text colors in the actual React component [here](?path=/docs/design-system-typography--variants)

<br />

## Tokens

Based on these types describe above we are defining each typography token as follows

<TypographyShowcase />

<br />

## Fonts

Our main fonts used in the system is `Roboto` and is automatically imported and used when using `<ThemeProvider>` component
