src/components/Tooltip/Tooltip.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import Tooltip from './Tooltip';
import TooltipShowcase from '../storyUtils/TooltipShowcase'; import Stack from '../storyUtils/Stack';

<Meta title="Design System/Tooltip" component={Tooltip} />

# Tooltip

# Usage

```js
import { Tooltip } from '@orfium/ictinus';

<Tooltip content="Content you want to show as descrption of tooltip" placement={'right'}>
  ...
</Tooltip>;
```

# Props

<Props of={Tooltip} />

# Generic Tooltip

Tooltip use to show info in any direction defined. If there is no space in the screen then it moves to the available space.

<Preview>
  <Story name="Generic Tooltip">
    <TooltipShowcase />
  </Story>
</Preview>

# Tooltip sizes

Tooltip sizes are 3 `large, medium, small` and you can see them in action below.

<Preview>
  <Story name="Tooltip sizes">
    <Stack>
      <Tooltip id={'right1'} size={'large'} content="By hover here you can see useful info" placement={'right'}>
        <button>Large</button>
      </Tooltip>
      <Tooltip id={'right2'} size={'medium'} content="By hover here you can see useful info" placement={'right'}>
        <button>Medium</button>
      </Tooltip>
      <Tooltip id={'right3'} size={'small'} content="By hover here you can see useful info" placement={'right'}>
        <button>Small</button>
      </Tooltip>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
</Preview>

Commit message:

feat(tooltip): add forwardref for all main components and remove wrapper for children

src/components/Tooltip/Tooltip.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import Tooltip from './Tooltip';
import TooltipShowcase from '../storyUtils/TooltipShowcase'; import Stack from '../storyUtils/Stack';

<Meta title="Design System/Tooltip" component={Tooltip} />

# Tooltip

Generic tooltip that can show content as string
The background defined is set as property to ThemeProvider with ```overrides``` property because color for this is global and cannot be changed per case.
e.g ```overrides: { tooltip: { background: { color: 'darkGray', shade: '500' } } }```


# Usage

```js
import { Tooltip } from '@orfium/ictinus';

<Tooltip content="Content you want to show as descrption of tooltip" placement={'right'}>
  ...
</Tooltip>;
```

# Props

<Props of={Tooltip} />

# Generic Tooltip

Tooltip use to show info in any direction defined. If there is no space in the screen then it moves to the available space.

<Preview>
  <Story name="Generic Tooltip">
    <TooltipShowcase />
  </Story>
</Preview>

# Tooltip sizes

Tooltip sizes are 3 `large, medium, small` and you can see them in action below.

<Preview>
  <Story name="Tooltip sizes">
    <Stack>
      <Tooltip id={'right1'} size={'large'} content="By hover here you can see useful info" placement={'right'}>
        <button>Large</button>
      </Tooltip>
      <Tooltip id={'right2'} size={'medium'} content="By hover here you can see useful info" placement={'right'}>
        <button>Medium</button>
      </Tooltip>
      <Tooltip id={'right3'} size={'small'} content="By hover here you can see useful info" placement={'right'}>
        <button>Small</button>
      </Tooltip>
    </Stack>
  </Story>
</Preview>
